aha
hey everyone it's Christmas Day ki a
everyone wake up now now now now now now
now now seriously said it's 5 a.m. we
usually don't start this until 7 a.m. I
don't care we are getting up now now now
now I swear if I get any more cookies
I will force eat the entire world
waffles spoiler alert hey what was that
for
sorry I accidentally pressed the big red
sensor button damn it Mary oh well never
mind let's see what Tolly ol Santa Claus
gave us this Christmas this present
looks good it's for me oh my god it's
the best game in the history of history
big ribs how the hell is that game any
good are you kidding
the graphics are more realistic than
crysis the physics are the most
realistic in the history of video games
and you can drive backwards at ten point
eight nine trillion million miles per
nanosecond most importantly it's even
more fun than black ops 2 well now his
next present is for me a massive
ordnance air blast fun oh hell yet now I
can use it against anyone who dares
beats me on black ops 2
time to die bitches ah nice this next
present is for me it better not be
goddamned retiree cookies
tabatha armed anyways this next present
looks good
it's for me what the club
Megan disabled shipping because I really
want bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon each
more technique dammit dammit dammit
Santa mixed up our presents
ha ha ha it appears that's the next
present is addressed to me let us open
it what Oh God windows oh god damn it
looks like we are going to the repair
shop tomorrow anyway
we gotta fire up the computer and dry
out the greatest game since ET in the
atari 2600
spoiler alerts there's gotta be a murse
talk shut up
see told you goddamn son of a bitch is
such a perfect mess of a public apple
has seized all of your gifts and is
laughing at the start of each name have
fun with your IPC hi bacon I knew can i
vista pardon me but i don't i think i
decide as I go idea it would watch
O'Leary Smith virus windows DJ
now you must write a five thousand word
essay in the complexities of Congress
what the fuck is this diarrhea I'd
rather take an incredible diarrhea dump
and paint my ceiling with diarrhea while
breakdancing to rid rule I am quite
serious bitches throwing up there's only
365 days left until Christmas start your
shopping now
no hangs I have more important things to
do by containing rush week Bret meant
taking over Europe with a cup of tea and
breakdancing on top of the erupting
volcano in Hawaii oh well that's all
folks